
#START
    The chapter takes place on October 4, 2010, 10:43 AM. It foreshadows the firing of Evan Williams (known as Ev) and introduces the situation that the end of the book will approach.

#FOUNDERS
    This section of chapters covers the origin story of each of the founders of Twitter.
  @Ev
    Evan (Ev) was born in Nebraska and moved to California's up and starting Silicon Valley. He taught himself how to program and went off to create Blogger which would become successful in the coming years.
  @Noah
    Noah Glass is a friend Ev meets in Silicon Valley. He comes up with the idea to work on a new podcasting software called Odeo. There is news that Blogger was bought by Google so Ev was being paid for the Google acquisition. Noah needed funding for Odeo and turned to Ev for investment into his idea. Noah based his operations from his apartment that rapidly deteriorated. Ev really wanted Odeo and Noah to succeed to prevent his repuation in Silicon Valley from becoming a "one-hit wonder."
  @Jack
    Jack Dorsey was a very technologically gifted person but struggled to find employment in Silicon Valley. He is also a self-taught programmer who tinkered a lot with technology as a child. Jack found  He found a job offer by Ev and Noah for Odeo.
  @Biz
    Biz Stone was a Google engineer that quit, opting to join Ev with his journey at Odeo and, later, Twitter

#NOAH
  This section covers the end of Odeo and birth of Twitter with Noah at helm for a short period.
  Troubled Waters
    On an outing between all the people who have been working on Odeo, the chapter covers the personalities of each of the four notable figures in a conversation about what each person's interest is.
  Status
    Jack, not seeing success in Odeo, asks Noah and Ev whether he could leave. However, Ev decides to hold a company hackathon to brainstorm new ideas to progress the company in a different direction.
  Twitter
    Ev did not want Noah interfering in Jack's new venture into Twitter. This did not work and Noah searched around a dictionary on a name for the new-born application. Settling on Twitter. There was a trend, though, at the time that made names look cool if vowels were removed. Therefore, "Twttr" was used.
  Just Setting Up My Twttr
    Jack Dorsey makes the first tweet saying "just setting up my twttr."
  The Cowboy at the Rodeo
    Noah, at a party, leaks the concept of Twitter to another party-goer and invites him to Twitter. This turns to his coworkers becoming unhappy with him due to his outbursts.
  The Green Benches
    As Jack, Ev, and some of the people working on Twitter grew weary of Noah's attitude toward others, Ev pulls Noah aside at a park to break the news to him that Noah was fired from Twitter. This did not go well as angry Noah sent impulsive emails to everyone working but he eventually left. 

#JACK

  A Bloody Mess
    Being recommended to attend the Love Parade and advertise Twitter, Jack finds himself in a drunken predicament once he puts his hand around a girl after she does and both of them fell and he hit his head on the concrete. He later left the hospital all okay.
  Chaos Again
    With some new traffic coming in as a result of the Love Parade campaign, Twitter's infrastructure issues started to show and people were not happy in the company.
  And the Winner Is...
    At South by Southwest, an award event focused on the best start-ups, Twitter takes the award for the best start-up of the year. Noah, at the event, sees the success of Twitter without him and the grief of exclusion kicks in.

#EV

  The Third Twitter Leader
  Fight or Flight
  The Marathon Man
  Dinner with Al
  Oprah
  Spiraling into Iraq
  The Time 101
  Iranian Revolution
  The Accidental Billionaire
    Ev, Goldman, and Amac attend a meeting arranged by Mark Zuckerburg at his house. As Zuckerburg has been trying to please Twitter's Jack Dorsey for the past years, he offers to partner and eventually buy Twitter. However, at the end of the day, the answer to being bought out was no at the time.  
  The Coach and the Comedian
    Twitter's exponential growth is creating some concern for Ev's workload as CEO. There is reflection on Ev's past and his unsuccessful venture with his own company, Plexus, in Nebraska. He is then recommended by Fenton, a board member, to pair with CEO mentor, Bill Campbell, to help give advice to Ev. Ev is suggested by Campbell that he should hire friends and Ev follows through on this. However, he finds that the hiring of one of his friends, Dick Costolo, as a chief operating officer is a bold move given his controversial personality
  Jack's Gone Rogue
    While everyone is hard at work a Twitter, Jack Dorsey, who is out of the company, is getting all the attention of the media about Twitter. He is touted as the only founder of Twitter and the genius behind the whole social media platform. Twitter's upper-level leaders (i.e. Ev, Dick), did not take too kindly of this and neither did the board. Alongside that, Dorsey was working on his company, Square, from his Twitter email which prompted Twitter to disable his emails, leading to him and Fenton to riot
  Steve Jobs 2.0
  Russian-Roulette Relations
  Secret Meetings
    Employees were slowly getting irratated by the lack of progress and Ev's leadership of Twitter. They secretly met with Jack Dorsey to gain advice or direction in which Dorsey pointed them to complain to the higher-level employees who agreed with the perspective.
  The Clown Car in the Gold Mine
    Campbell breaks the news to Ev that he is fired from CEO of Twitter and that Dick would be the temporary CEO while Jack transitions into being a CEO once again. Turmoil sets in Ev as him and Goldman try all they can to fight for Ev to stay as CEO. However, it fails in the end when the plans are made to announce to the Twitter employees that Ev is stepping down as CEO. Jack calls Biz, who is in a business trip in Japan, to come back for the announcement
  A Sunday Storm

#DICK

  No Adult Supervision
    With Dick as interim CEO, a impromptu visit from Snoop Dogg creates chaos in the Twitter office. Leading to a mini-concert in the cafeteria and employees smoking weed
  Jack's Back!
    Jack Dorsey returns to the Twitter and there is much growth seen. Jack is in the spotlight and is still seen as the genius behind Twitter. He begins to explode in fame and meets multitudes of celebrities and attends parties
  Make Better Mistakes Tomorrow
  What's Happening?
