Hatching Twitter is a non-fiction novel about the creation of Twitter and the origins of each of the 4 notable figures involved. The story is divided up into several sections that seperate the key aspects in the creation and evolution of the social platform. Evan Williams (refered to as Ev) is from Nebraska and moved to Silicon Valley during the dot com bubble era. Noan Glass first moves to Silicon Valley and meets Ev and they become friends with him funding Noah's venture in creating Odeo. Jack Dorsey is an avid programmer who is hired to work on Odeo and later becomes a big figure of Twitter. Biz Stone is a former Google engineer who quits to help Ev and his adventure in creating a new startup.

It starts with the creation of Blogger by Evan who goes on to become a big name in Silicon Valley as the trend of blogging blows up as a result of his platform. Google saw the potential in the platform and purchased it. Evan shortly leaves after the purchase and decides to become involved in startups once again.

He meets Noah who proposes the idea of a podcasting platform, Odeo. Working out of Noah's apartment, Noah and Ev recruit the help of Jack and Biz to work on Odeo. After Apple announces iTunes's support for podcasting with the iPod, Odeo's future was killed.

With Odeo hopeless, a hackathon (a small event within a company to come up and implement new ideas to benefit the company) was held between the group workers that helped with Odeo. Jack Dorsey comes out with a social media platform focusing on a status update model.

Noah decides to lead the Twitter project but Jack Dorsey was making more of the important decisions. Noah came up with the name of "Twittr" initially by looking in the dictionary and flipping to random pages for a good word. However, power and relationship struggles between Noah and both Ev and Jack sees him fired from the establishment.

As Twitter begins to grow, Jack becomes CEO of the company in 2007 as he developed most of the platform. With celebrities rapidly joining the platform and raving about it, the kinks in Twitter's infrastructure and limits began to show. In 2008, board members grew frustrated over server failures and the lack of growth to fix those issues and fired Jack Dorsey.

With Ev as CEO, 